Jay/add ca zipcodes to email (#40)
dxe/petition-websites: apps/service/README.md

# Email petition service

For helptheducks.com, helpthechickens.com, freezoe.org, and righttorescue.com.

Run the dev server:
`go run .`

## Configuration

> The service uses environment variables for configuration. Environment variables are loaded from both files when using VS Code debugger

Reviewer: "both files" isn't clear anymore if you remove all mention of the specific files. I suppose .env.shared doesn't need each variable to be documented because the Go code itself does that already, but folks will need to know how to fill out their `.env.local` file. How about this:

```suggestion
The service uses environment variables for configuration. Environment variables are loaded from two files when using VS Code debugger: .env.shared (version controlled) and .env.local (not version controlled, better for secrets).

The following variables are expected in .env.local:
 - `GOOGLE_MAPS_GEOCODING_API_KEY`
 
 See `launch.json` for details on the mechanics of loading the `.env` files.
```

Author: added suggestion to README.md

Run the dev server:
`go run .`

## Configuration

The service uses environment variables for configuration. There are two types of environment files:

### .env.shared
Contains shared environment variables that are checked into version control:
- `PORT`: Server port (default: 3333)
- `DB_CONNECTION_STRING`: Database connection string
- `RECAPTCHA_SECRET`: reCAPTCHA secret key

> - `GO_ENV`: Environment (development/production)

Reviewer: remove, unused

Run the dev server:
`go run .`

## Configuration

The service uses environment variables for configuration. There are two types of environment files:

### .env.shared
Contains shared environment variables that are checked into version control:
- `PORT`: Server port (default: 3333)
- `DB_CONNECTION_STRING`: Database connection string
- `RECAPTCHA_SECRET`: reCAPTCHA secret key
- `GO_ENV`: Environment (development/production)

### .env.local
Contains local environment variables that should NOT be checked into version control:
- `GOOGLE_MAPS_GEOCODING_API_KEY`: Google Maps Geocoding API key for ZIP code to city lookup

> **IMPORTANT**: `GOOGLE_MAPS_GEOCODING_API_KEY` must be placed in `.env.local` and should never be committed to version control.

Reviewer: remove, redundant.

> ## Build Process

Reviewer: people can search the project for .env.local / .env.shared if they want to see how it works. this section can probably be removed.

During build time, the service merges environment variables from both `.env.shared` and `.env.local` files using a tasks.json script. This ensures that:

1. Shared configuration is available to all developers
2. Sensitive API keys remain local and secure

> 3. The final deployment has all necessary environment variables

Reviewer: we wouldn't use tasks.json for deployment.

Author: added clarifier, text now says :

## Build Process

During build time (strictly in development environment), the service merges environment variables from both `.env.shared` and `.env.local` files using a tasks.json script. This ensures that:

1. Shared configuration is reproducible to all developers
2. Sensitive API keys remain local and secure
3. The testing deployment has all necessary environment variables

Reviewer: perhaps under  `## Configuration` you could just mention "Environment variables are loaded from both files when using VS Code debugger."
 
i would remove this section still for a few reasons / a few remaining issues:
- these env files are combined as part of running and debugging the project. we don't really need to introduce a concept of a "build", which brings to mind production optimized binaries, or may be a distinct part of development/debugging in other projects. Next.js builds specific routes on demand, and re-builds them when we edit the source files, but that's not very related to the developer workflow.
- shared config and sensitive API keys are already addressed above
- i'm not sure if we can call it a "testing deployment". it's running in-place on localhost.
- use of tasks.json is an implementation detail, not too interesting and not hard to find anyway

Author: Implemented changes. the whole files says just this now:

# Email petition service

For helptheducks.com, helpthechickens.com, freezoe.org, and righttorescue.com.

Run the dev server:
`go run .`

## Configuration

The service uses environment variables for configuration. Environment variables are loaded from both files when using VS Code debugger

> ### Build Script

Reviewer: pls remove this section. this is prone to go out of date and people read tasks.json themselves if they want to know so much detail.

The build process uses a script that combines:
```bash
cat .env.shared .env.local > .env.debug
```

This creates a temporary `.env.debug` file containing all environment variables for the build process.

> ## API Keys Required

Reviewer: please remove this section and its subsections. details about the frontend are likely to go out of date and .env.local is already documented above.

### For City Autocomplete Mode

When using `citySelectionMode="autocompleteTextbox"` in the frontend, the following API keys are required:

1. **Frontend (in website .env files):**
   - `NEXT_PUBLIC_GOOGLE_MAPS_PLACES_NEW_API_KEY`: For Google Places API (New) autocomplete
   - Location: `apps/[website]/.env.development` or `apps/[website]/.env.local`

2. **Backend (in service .env.local):**
   - `GOOGLE_MAPS_GEOCODING_API_KEY`: For Google Geocoding API ZIP lookup
   - Location: `apps/service/.env.local`

### Setup Instructions

1. Create `apps/service/.env.local` with your Google Maps Geocoding API key:
   ```
   GOOGLE_MAPS_GEOCODING_API_KEY=your_geocoding_api_key_here
   ```

2. Ensure frontend apps have their respective API keys in their environment files

3. The build process will automatically merge the environment files during deployment

> ## Security Notes

Reviewer: remove - redundant / goes without saying
